## Battle beneath the green fields

Location: Beramus III, The city Bilasia after falling to an ork "rokk" assault  
Battle Victor: ???

After the orks made their surprise landing in the city of Bilasia atop rocks of scrap metal, a large part of the populace was quick dispatched before the guardsmen could put up a front. Once they could put up a proper front, it was a difficult fight that turned into many conflicts across the planet.

The Sekvensan 11th infantry regiment, 1st company was among the first to react to the orkish incursion and as such found themselves on the frontlines. Led by Company Commander Greg of Gregheap and backed by a single Leman Russ, a Sentinel and, two artillery pieces they fought to keep the orks within Bilasia while awaiting further orders.

Although Greg of Gregheap fought fiercely for some time, the hardest battle he would face would be when Warboss Durang and his entourage of Nobz, Deffkoptas, and his Deff Dread. When faced down with Durang and his terrifying army the Sekvensan 11th infanty regiment, 1st company stood strong and quickly dispatched of the deffkoptas as they made their approach - displaying the power of the Leman Russ battletank. However, a company of scions on the frontlines of the conflict and aiding Greg of Gregheap was also almost completely annihilated by Durang's approaching horde.

However, it was only shortly thereafter that another threat was noticed... The world they found themselves upon was the Crownworld of the Rymdpensionär Dynasty once upon a time. In the midst of the war the scouting missions of the warriors and scarabs had been missed - and so the stasis tomb had chosen the best course of action for the Rymdpensionär Dynasty to once again reclaim their Crownworld, the Rymdpensionär Overlord had awakened...

And, unluckily for Greg of Gregheap, and equally unlucky for Warboss Durang in his mega armor, they were now faced with this new emerging threat. And as if to signal their arrival, Necron Deathmarks appeared upon the roof of one of the few still mostly undamaged buildings, the strange orange glow of the Rymdpensionär dynasty's weapons and eyes becoming visible as their deathmarks fired their synaptic disintegrators, piercing through the hull of and damaging Durang's Deff Dread, as well as taking out the last scion of the company Durang had previously blasted through.

Greg of Gregheap's armies stood their ground, however - as Durang and his hordes continued their rush toward the group without hesitation as the power of their stomping shook the ground beneath them. The Deff Dread, despite being slightly damaged - stomped toward the Leman Russ with confidence that only an ork could display when faced down with such a mighty weapon of the Imperium. The shots from the tank simply seemed to bounce off or miss the shell, as the guardsman fired at the approaching nobz and boyz, as well as Durang himself.

Another bright orange glow flashed from that rooftop, as more shots fired from the Synaptic Disintegrators of the deathmarks, another few kills being secured with terrifying efficiency. A Ghost Ark, the vehicle designed like a fleshless ribcage - traversed the battlefield and found itself close to Greg of Gregheap's company, yet in a stroke of luck it stopped there, the necrons dismounting their vehicle behind a building which gave cover to most of the Astra Militarum units.

Yet, there was no joy in this moment of temporary safety - for the final necron to dismount the barge was the necron overlord, Yngve himself, holding a single orb of resurrection and a staff of light. The moment the overlord dismounted the ark, with a single motion toward the artillery which was in the ark's line of sight the whole ark turned, firing its terrifying gauss flayer array at the artillery crew. The guardsmen barely managed to throw themselves out off the way and quickly regroup to their artillery weapons.

But there would be no respite for the guardsmen of Greg of Gregheap's first company, for this spate of attacks was just beginning. A loud explosion rang sounded like thunder almost directly following that gauss flayer array, and scraps of the single sentinel the guardsman had once had were sent flying in all directions as the Deff Dread advanced, steam coming from the missile it had just fired as it closed the distance to the Leman Russ battle tank.

It was not alone in closing the distance, however, as Durang pointed to his Waaagh banner-bearer, the Nob planting his banner as Durang - and in turn every single ork with him, cried out a loud "WAAAGH!" before charging the imperial guardsmen. As the orks closed the distance the guardsmen were quickly overwhelmed, the illusions of numerical superiority or the ability to fight off their enemies shattered in but a moment. "AFFIX BAYONETS!" Greg of Gregheap cried out, but it was too late - he could but watch as his men were cut down by the weapons of the orks.

While the orks were slaughtering his men before him, Greg of Gregheap could also but watch as the necrons fired upon his men. But he wasn't going to surrender quite yet, with the Leman Russ and his remaining artillery he could perhaps still piece something together. "STAND YOUR GROUND, MEN!" He cried out, words that he had heard from his commanders a thousand times were all that came to mind. "FOR SEKVENSA!"

It was then that he turned his sight to the left, only to spot a single sentinel approaching, the swift bipedal mech quickly making its way through the ruins of the city behind them. Reinforcements at last, yet it seemed very little had actually made it to them. Thankful for anything he could get though, Greg of Gregheap was quick to command the mech as Durang stared him down in the distance with bloodthirtsy eyes.

Taking pressure of his men was Greg's first priority, with support being provided from the sentinel he could now scout out the position for his artillery and Leman Russ to fire upon the necrons, the two artillery pieces pounding the lines as Greg could watch with his own eyes as Necron after Necron fell. The remaining troops with him fired upon the orks as they pushed inward as well, finally, things weren't looking so bleak for the guard, even if the deff dread was still standing they could certainly...

Yet, in the midst of such thoughts of victory and of even survival - everything seemed to go silent as the overlord of the Rymdpensionär Dynasty on this world raised his orb of resurrection, and the Necron Warriors around him - the ones which no longer glowed orange, the ones which had been shredded by artillery, rose up again. As if unharmed, their silvery metal unscratched by the shells that had pounded them, and that orange glow once again back in their eyes. It was as if all the ammunition that Greg of Gregheap and his units had put into them had done nothing. Even more annoying, or perhaps terrifying - the metallic husks did not gloat, nor did they seem to think, their glowing orange eyes only turning back toward the guardsmen and the orks, no emotion present on those silver skulls.

Another "WAAAGH!" broke the momentary stillness following the necron attack, the ground once more seemed to shake as the orks cahrged forward, over the corpses of guardsmen and their own. Blood and mud splattered around, as Greg saw the rapidly approaching figure of the orkish banner-bearer closing the dsitance to him, that banner sharp enough to pierce him like a spear. He barely had time to register the screams of his men at the front of his line being burned alive by burnas, or the roaring laughter of Durang as he charged into the necron overlord and his units.

Though he held his ground against the orks rushing him down, Greg of Gregheap wasn't resilient enough to even compare to greenshkins - and soon Greg of Gregheap felt the warm rush of blood pouring down his stomach as the bannear-bearer ran him through. Within mere moments of that, his head was torn from his body by the sawteeth of a roaring big choppa. Overwhelming in close quarters the orks charged into the single sentinel that remained of the guardsman army besides their tank.

Durang roared, each ork cutting through swaths of necron warriors that surrounded them, even harming the metallic shell of the necron overlord. Though, such was not enough - the metal of the overlord seemed to constantly repair itself and for every necron that Durang and his horde felled by their choppas another seemed to rise up once again. Stomping them out was yet not enough, and the silvery skeletons of the Rymdpensionär dynasty seemed ever-resillient, never fully dead.

Without being able to truly hurt their enemies, the orks soon found themselves drowned in a horde of infinitely-regenerating necrons that surrounded them. Their Deff Dread charged against the Leman Russ that yet remained - but while the Deff Dread only managed to damage it the Leman Russ was quick to destroy it. After such, however, a swarm of scarabs descended upon the battletank,l eaving it little chance as they self-destructed inside of it, crew member after crew member dying until the tank was completely weakened. All this, while the orks attacked the sentinel over and over, wearing it down. While that chainsword managed to cut through some greenskins, it did not manage to defeat them all and was soon overwhelmed - a thundering explosion sounding out as it was destroyed, the orks being ripped limb from limb by the effect of it.

In the end, the necrons of the Rymdpensionär dynasty continued their ruthless, calculated advance as they cut through the last of the The Sekvensan 11th infantry regiment, 1st company. And soon enough, by those cold, ruthless machines ever advancing to reclaim their Crownworld, the last of Warboss Durang's company would meet it's end at the hands of Overlord Yngvar.

Yet in spite of the calculated reclamation of the Rimdpensionär Crownworld - there was more of the Sekvensa system for them to reclaim.  
While Warboss Durang had falled in the battle on Beramus III, the orks on Igralia were only beginning their great siege - and now they were armed with the knowledge of there being strong opponents all across the Sekvensa System.  
Greg of Gregheap and his company's sacrifice would be mostly in vain as the necrons proceeded to reclaim most of their Crownworld, though the combined efforts of the guard would stall their reclamation of the whole planet.

Beramus III would be mostly reclaimed by the Rymdpensionär dynasty, but the orks would still claim a powerful presence on the deathworld - the two ending up in multiple clashes. On the other hand the presence of the guard on the planet would be limited to small fortresses in the wastes which would soon be on the verge of collapse with a lack of supplies and reinforcements arriving.