The battles across the Sekvensa system were something that had raged for a long time, the orks on Igralia fighting against the various planets near them in raids after raids. However, these battles were not something that affected most of the imperial citizens across Sekvensa, instead they were simply a small part of one of the many ongoing conflicts the imperium was embroiled in. But, things could not stay that way forever, and the change was swift and sudden. 

The civilized world of Beramus III, a place of unbridled nature and grand imperial city sprawls - was suddenly beset on all sides. Ork rokks rained down from above, causing chaos and confusion among the populace as the defense forces of the planet were swiftly dealt with. In a sudden twist, necrons also arrived - risen from their tombs to reclaim what had once been the crown world of the Rymdpensionär dynasty, the skeletons of silver with their amber eyes fought against both the orks of 'Ard 'Ead's Waaagh and the planteray defense forces, until the 262nd Galomar Rifles "Galomar Streetfighters" | Battlegroup 286 arrived to provide further support for the Imperium on the ground.

In spite of the will for battle shown by 'Ard 'Ead and his waaagh and, the fire of imperial glory held within the hearts of the Galomar Streetfighters, they could not win against the overwhelming necron forces rising from the very core of what had once been the Crown World of their sprawling empire. Overlord Yngve commanded his troops by the cold, calculating protocols of the necrons, as the overlords plotted together what would be best to make their next move. In due time, and with swift action, they reclaim Beramus III, the beginning of what had once been their great empire. The Galomar Streetfighters retreated and, 'Ard 'Eads Waaagh!, finding the necrons no fun to fight on their own, quickly moved on to where the next grand conflict would be.

---

Thus it was that Beramus III was claimed by the Necrons of the Rymdpensionär Dynasty, the return of their great and might Crown World. The overlords plotting their new plans in the confines of their ancient crypts, preparing for what was the next step of the Supreme Rymdpensionär Protocol. Yngve gathered the overlords to prepare a takeover of Seraferum next, a battle that would serve to recover their blackstone deposits as well set up the next stage of the Supreme Protocol, the Ancient Nexus of their operations.

On the other hand, the Galomar Streetfighters returned to their current base of operations battered and bruised, having taken many losses in their ranks. However, they were not yet beaten - and Captain Mauger van der Heap gathered his troops as he gave them new instructions and prepared them for what was to come. He had arrived late to the battle on Beramus III due to imperial bureaucracy and was furious as this had cost him many of the men of the Planetary Defense Force he could have otherwise saved. Still, Captain Mauger van der Heap was extremely loyal and dedicated to the empire and was ready for his next mission, which came from Chairman General Tarus Hollarn van der Heap in the form of the simple, express purpose to support the Lucii Radiation Explorator Corps, Skitarius Maniple Ψ-09 and Tech-Priest Enginseer Sek Xixos.

Sek Xixos, meanwhile, was preparing Maniple Ψ-09 for battle with various tech litanies and maintenance works, praising the Omnissiah. Lucii Explorator-General Bheta Rhombor had given him a direct command, informing him of the current situation in the Sekvensa system and providing additional details regarding information only known to the Mechanicus at the moment. Namely, the fact that there were blackstone deposits present on Seraferum, along with possible places of necron technology to be acquire. Of course, Sek Xixos, driven by curioisty and the orders of his superior, quickly set out to handle this.

Meanwhile, 'Ard 'Ead was pretty simple in his thoughts, he had been biding his time for a while but a true ork could smell confrontation, and also see the ships gathering on the horizon. So, he gathered up his boyz for another big waaagh, this time he was gonna show 'em who's da boss ('Ard 'Ead is da boss).

---

The battles on Seraferum had begun before even the Skitarius Maniple Ψ-09 and the 262nd Galomar Rifles made their landing. Immediately the landing craft were greeted by the sight of what had once been a proud Imperial Fortress on a world as barren as Seraferum, one of mankind's few bastion on a planet like this, completely destroyed, with the remnants of ork rokks and corpses charred and flayed by necron gauss weapons spread across the ground around and within a charred and ruined city. 

And it wasn't long before the Tetrarch Landing Craft carrying the guardsman forces of the 262nd Galomar Rifles and their additional reinforcements were struck as well, parts of them being sent crashing to the ground as lightnings were quickly deployed to combat the intercepting deffkoptas and dakkajets assaulting them as well as the few doom scythes remaining in the airspace from the initial necron assault. Parts of the Tetrarchs were badly damaged, leading to casualties within the ranks of the 262nd Galomar Rifles, but Captain Mauger van der Heap and his fellows managed to calm the chaos enough to make a proper landing with the wounded the Tetrarchs, though one of the Landing Craft was too severely wounded to leave back into orbit and was left stranded on the ground as tech priestes attempted their chants and rituals to repair the massive lander.

The airspace beign as occupied as it was though, the 262nd Galomar Rifles were already recieving heavy casualties before Maniple Ψ-09 could even make a landing. The harassment from the ork dakkajets and deffkoptas, even as they were picked out off the sky by the necron doom scythes, was causing death after death all around. Suddenly, the necron doom scythes made a swift retreat, apparently deciding the situation was not providing anything to the necron protocols they followed. The scythe-like ships cloaked, confusing the orks as they seemed to disappear in a flash of amber glow from each of them, one after the other. Taking advantage of that very confusion, from orbit, hundreds of Thunderbolts and Vultures rained down upon the enemies, picking of the ork air forces one after another with the impeccable efficiency provided by the Mechanicus.

On the ground, meanwhile, the 262nd had alreayd begun battle with multiple enemy forces, specifically they had begun engaging both orks and necrons on two fronts. Upon landing the orks had immediately rushed and flown at the group to attach them, and the orks which had already flung themselves onto their transport aircraft dropped down, gleefully cutting at them with choppas and shooting at them with their makeshift shootas. While the 262nd outnumbered the orks at the moment, the group was quickly growing in number as more and more orks rushed out off the ruins and from the barrens around them, their footseps and engines thundering as their armies approached. It was also in that very moment when the 262nd Galomar Rifles were being overrun that the Rymdpensionär Dynasty had taken their opportunity to strike at and begin purging the imperial forces one after another at a distance, appearing from seemingly nowhere as their cloaking devices turned off to reveal their own army, of quite the size for being a necron unit. 

The 262nd found themselves obviously outmatched, however, the Vulture support and the precise orders from Captain Mauger van der Heap they secure a landing site for the Mechanicus to begin their landing, their landing craft coming down one after another to release the Skitarii of Maniple Ψ-09, and once they were deployed the counterattack could proeprly begin from the Imperial forces. Although the airspace was now mostly in their control, there was a lot more to observe and consider on the ground. The enemies had alreayd been battling and made their stand largely within the confines of the ruined fortress. On the other hand, the Imperial forces were late and were thus at a disadvantage.

The Mechanicus fleet in orbit, however, assessing the situation prior to landing had already deployed units in other strategic locations across the planet, allowing Maniple Ψ-09 to set up positions to provide them with irradiated fire support. Although deadly for the guardsmen with them, this strategy also proved very effective at dealing with the approaching orks, though many of 'Ard 'Ead's waaagh still pushed through with relentless force, crushing the imperial lines in spite of the radiation having torn at their flesh and organs. 

The necrons on the other hand were barely affected by the creeping death of the radiation, continuing their gauss flayer fire and onslaught of warriors as commanded by their overlords, with Yngve at the head of this operation. Already at landing, operations were precarious for the imperial forces - the gathering of blackstone severely hampered by the enemy forces already present. However, though they sustained continuous losses they somehow managed to secure the landing zone relatively well, managing to reach down into the depths of the mines below the ground, where they encountered what looked to be an ancient necron vault. 